Respected User: 
Welcome to MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System!
[Description of the contract] This contract is between you and MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System for the use of this service. 
[Prudent reading] You should read this electronic contract carefully before you click "agree" to this electronic contract in the process of applying for appointment. Please read carefully and fully understand the terms and conditions, especially consultation fees, refund rules, liability for breach of contract and dispute settlement clauses. If you have any questions about the electronic contract, you can consult with MARKCUS International Medical through contact manners provided by official website of MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System. Please read this electronic contract with your guardian if you are under 18 years of age or are limited in civil capacity in other forms.
[Signing action] It means you have fully read, understand and accept all the content of this electronic contract, and agree with MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation to complete the consultation appointment after you read and agree to the electronic contract and pay the consultation fee following the payment page prompt. Your payment will be deemed to be acceptance and compliance with all terms and conditions of this electronic contract without reservation. In the course of reading this electronic contract, if you do not agree with this electronic contract or any of its terms and conditions, you shall immediately stop paying the fees.
[Definition of terms] The definitions of terms used in this article are as follows:
MARKCUS International Medical: It refers to MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System and other current or future platforms based on MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System.
User: It refers to the unit or individual that has become the user of all kinds of service of MARKCUS International Medical through MARKCUS International Medical registration procedures, who reads and agrees to the contents of this electronic contract. (Hereinafter referred to as "you" in most cases)
MARKCUS International Medical management regulations: It refers to all kinds of regulations, prompts, and statements, including this electronic contract as well, which are signed by the user, or displayed by the MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System in the obvious position, having the function of standardizing the user's behavior.

Ⅰ Registration of user
1. MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System provides registration of users. Your account number and password shall be kept by you, and you shall be liable for all activities and events carried out with your account.
2. There shall be no illegal or bad information in the registration information of account name, head portrait and introduction when you register, otherwise MARKCUS International Medical shall have the right to refuse to provide services and close the account.
3. After successful registration, the account can’t be deleted and MARKCUS International Medical will assume the strictest confidentiality responsibility for your information.

Ⅱ Content of service
1. The specific service content of MARKCUS International Medical is provided by MARKCUS International Medical operators. MARKCUS International Medical operators reserve the right to change, interrupt or terminate some or all network services at any time.
2. You use MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System to consult and get the second medical opinion during and after the consultation, which can only serve as a reference for the diagnosis and treatment of the disease and not as a substitute for the final diagnosis certificate of the local medical institution. Nor can it be used as a legal basis for medical disputes.
3. You need to pay a certain amount of consultation fee to complete the appointment when you make an appointment with an expert through MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System. MARKCUS International Medical will give a clear indication of payment service. MARKCUS International Medical has the right to cancel your appointment if you refuse to pay this fee.
4. MARKCUS International Medical only provides related services of expert reservation and remote consultation, etc. In addition to the equipment related to the services (such as computers, modems and other associated device related to access to the Internet) and the required fees (such as telephone and internet charges paid for access to the Internet) shall be borne by your own.
5. MARKCUS International Medical does not bear the corresponding responsibility if you can't use the services of MARKCUS International Medical normally due to technical reasons or other uncontrollable reasons, such as force majeure, the condition of network, communication lines, the fault of user’s own fault, etc. 

Ⅲ Rights and responsibilities of user
1. You have the right to own your personal user name and password in MARKCUS International Medical service and have the right to use your own user name and password to log in the MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System at any time.
2. You shall not transfer or authorize others to use your user name of MARKCUS International Medical in any form, nor shall you misappropriate others' accounts. Users shall bear the consequences caused by the above actions.
3. You have the right to use the existing functions of the system according to the MARKCUS International Medical management regulations, including creating medical records, making appointments for consultation and communicating with doctors, etc.
4. You must comply with Management Measures for Internet Service of Health Information of Ministry of Health Department and undertake to comply with national laws, regulations and MARKCUS International Medical regulations, as well as public interest or public morals on all actions you perform when using MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System.

Ⅳ Rights and responsibilities of MARKCUS International Medical
1. MARKCUS International Medical will assist patients, doctors and interpreter (translator) in legal communication and provide necessary assistance of network technical.
2. MARKCUS International Medical has the obligation to maintain the normal operation of the entire network platform with existing technology, and strive to upgrade and improve the technology, so the remote consultation and communication among you, doctors and interpreter (translator) can be carried out smoothly.
3. As a communication platform of remote medical consultation for three parties of patient, doctor and interpreter (translator), MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System will not be responsible for the truthfulness and validity of the information you fill in the process of creating medical records and experts appointment, and will not participate in communication of remote medical consultation, and will not take any responsibility for the results of the communication. 
4. For your improper behavior in MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System or any other situation that MARKCUS International Medical believes should be terminated, MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System has the right to close the order and terminate the service at any time with no need to ask your permission.
5. You could request MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System to adjust the dispute between you and other users of MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System. MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System has the right to know the situation of both parties and inform each other of the situation after MARKCUS International Medical review the dispute. There is no legal effect among the mediation act made by markcus International Medical and the result of mediation is made voluntarily by both parties to the dispute. MARKCUS International Medical only assists in the provision of communication of information and will not assume legal responsibility for the results.                                                          
6. User's registration data and activities. MARKCUS International Medical has the right to give the user a notice of inquiry and request for correction, or to delete the information directly if any problems or doubts in the registration data or activities are found. 
7. MARKCUS International Medical has the right to publish the illegal behavior of the user in a reasonable manner when the user has an illegal behavior, or violates the regulations of MARKCUS International Medical, which                                          have been confirmed by effective legal documents of the State or the decision on administrative punishment. 
8. MARKCUS International Medical does not undertake any responsibility for service interruption in MARKCUS International Medical or damage and loss of user data, etc. due to force majeure (such as fire, flood, riot, riots, war, natural disaster, etc.)

Ⅴ Consultation fee
1. When you use the MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System for booking consultation, you need to pay a certain amount of consultation fee to complete the whole appointment process. The consultation fee will vary according to the expert you have booked and whether you need an interpreter (translator). A clear indication of the specific amount will be given in the system. MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System reserves the right to cancel your appointment if you fail to complete the payment within the specified time.
2. There are two payment methods being opened at present, which are UnionPay online payment and PayPal payment. You can choose the corresponding payment method according to your actual situation.

Ⅵ  Refund rule
1. MARKCUS International Medical will not refund the consultation fee in case of the following situations:
1.1 You cancel the appointment for personal reasons after you have successfully paid the consultation fee to complete the appointment. 
1.2 You have not entered the consultation room within the prescribed time when the consultation has started.
1.3 The expert or interpreter has not entered the consultation room within the specified time when the consultation has begun. (In this case, the consultation time can be changed by the expert through MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System although the consultation fee will not be refunded. You will be notified of the new consultation time in the forms of text messages and emails.)
2. We will refund you manually if an interpreter (translator) chosen by you at time of making an appointment has not been assigned to you by the system.
3. You may apply for a refund from MARKCUS International Medical for some reasonable reason during your use of MARKCUS International Medical service. After negotiation and approval, MARKCUS International Medical will manually refund the agreed refund amount to you. 
4. Any refund that occurs during your use of MARKCUS International Medical is returned by the original way, and the refund amount is returned directly to your original payment account, i.e. UnionPay or PayPal account. The refund time of the online payment method of UnionPay shall be subject to the bank, and no service fee shall be charged. The refund time and service fee of the PayPal payment method shall be subject to the provisions of the PayPal payment platform.
5. MARKCUS International Medical shall have the right to refuse to refund if you request for a refund due to your subjective feeling that you are not satisfied with the results of the consultation after you have been consulted successfully and have received a second medical opinion from an expert. If you violate the Registration Agreement, MARKCUS International Medical Service Contract and other relevant rules of the website, MARKCUS International Medical service also has the right to refuse your refund request.

Ⅶ Usage rule of users
1. The language of the uploaded medical records and disease-related examination reports must be the language in which the selected expert is proficient if you choose not to require an interpreter (translator) service when you make an appointment for a consultation. Then your own professional medical interpreter (translator) is needed during the video consultation. And the translation of the email communication between the medical experts and you and the final second medical opinion needs to be translated by your own professional medical interpreter (translator).
2. The expert will choose whether to accept your appointment application or not according to the actual situation after reviewing your medical records. You will be notified by SMS（Short Messaging Service）and email, and you can reschedule a new expert if the expert refuses your reservation application.
3. The experts will communicate with you via email when they have questions about your illness after they check your medical record. You need to ensure that your email address is true and valid, and you can check your email at any time.
4. The expert will change the time of consultation and make a new consultation time of video consultation with you on occasion that it’s not possible to make a video consultation with you during the appointment time if there is an emergency with the expert or interpreter (translator).

Ⅷ  Service change, interruption or termination
1. MARKCUS International Medical will issue a notice in advance as far as possible if network service is going to be suspended for system maintenance or upgrade.
2. International Medical shall have the right to terminate this contract and terminate all your services:
2.1 If you violate the relevant laws and regulations of the state or the regulations of MARKCUS International Medical and infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of others;
2.2 If you have been detained or prosecuted by administrative or judicial authorities for misconduct in MARKCUS International Medical;
2.3 If you lose your ability to use Web services;
2.4 If the personal data you provided is not true;
2.5 If you embezzle accounts of others and defraud others of their property;
2.6 If you disseminate false information, distort the facts, and verify the truth;
2.7 Other cases where MARKCUS International Medical deems it necessary to terminate the service. Except as stated above, MARKCUS International Medical reserves the right to interrupt or terminate some or all of its network services at any time without prior notice, and is not liable for any loss caused by the interruption or termination of services. 
3. MARKCUS International Medical still have the following rights after service changes, interruptions and terminations.
3.1 MARKCUS International Medical treatment reserves the right to keep your registration data and previous behavior records;
3.2 MARKCUS International Medical can still exercise the rights stipulated in this service provision if you have violated laws or regulations on the MARKCUS International Medical platform before service change, interruption or termination. 

Ⅸ Privacy statement
1. Range of application 
1.1 Personal information which you provided according to the requirements of the website when signing up for MARKCUS International Medical;
1.2 The site automatically receives and record of server data on the user's browser, including but not limited to, IP addresses, data of website cookie and web page records that You requested to access;
1.3 Medical records, basic information, medical opinion and other words, pictures, data information you upload non-publicly to MARKCUS International Medical when using service of it;
1.4 Your personal data obtained legally by MARKCUS International Medical from other sources;
1.5 Other contents that you do not think should be made public.
2. Confidentiality of your information   
2.1 Protection of your privacy is a fundamental policy of MARKCUS International Medical. MARKCUS International Medical guarantee not to disclose or provide your registration information to a third party and the non-public contents being stored when you use network services except in the following circumstances: Obtain your explicit authorization in advance; In accordance with relevant laws and regulations; In accordance with the requirements of the relevant government authorities; To safeguard the interests of the public; To safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of MARKCUS International Medical.
2.2 MARKCUS International Medical may work with a third party to provide related network services to the user. MARKCUS International Medical has the right to provide your registration information, etc. to the third party if the third party agrees to assume the same responsibility as MARKCUS International Medical to protect the user's privacy.
3. Use of information:
3.1 MARKCUS International Medical has the right to analyze the entire user database and make commercial use of the user database without disclosing your confidential information. 
3.2 The contents of remote consultation between doctors and patients can be made public, edited, published and distributed without your authorization after hiding the name, work unit, address and other information.
3.3 For the purpose of serving users, MARKCUS International Medical may provide services to you by using your personal information, including but not limited to the invitation of a promotional activity and service information, etc.

Ⅹ Responsibility of breach
1. Breaching of the contract by MARKCUS International Medical or user constitutes breach of contract, and the breaching party shall be liable for breach of contract to the non-breaching party.
2. You shall be responsible for illness delay and worseness caused by your untruthful, un-objective, incomplete or inaccurate medical record. MARKCUS International Medical shall not bear any responsibility of it. 
3. MARKCUS International Medical shall have the right to terminate the provision of MARKCUS International Medical service to you immediately, cancel your account and claim compensation for the loss caused to MARKCUS International Medical.
4. MARKCUS International Medical has the right to cancel your account of MARKCUS International Medical service immediately and has the right to ask you for compensation for the damage caused by above actions to MARKCUS International Medical if you interfere with the operation of MARKCUS International Medical service by technical means or interfere with the use of MARKCUS International Medical service by other users.
5. MARKCUS International Medical has the right to ask you to apologize publicly to MARKCUS International Medical, doctors and hospitals, and to compensate for the damage caused to MARKCUS International Medical, doctors and hospitals, and to terminate the provision of MARKCUS International Medical services if you denigrate the reputation of MARKCUS International Medical or doctors and hospitals’ reputation by means of fictitious facts.
6. MARKCUS International Medical service does not promise that the network service will certainly meet your requirements. MARKCUS International Medical will not take any responsibility of the network service interruption or other influence caused by the force majeure or reason that MARKCUS International Medical is unable to control. However, MARKCUS International Medical will try its best to reduce the loss and impact caused to you.

Ⅺ Modification of service clause
1. MARKCUS International Medical has the right to terminate the various terms and conditions of the MARKCUS International Medical regulations according to the change of service conditions. MARKCUS International Medical will prompt you of the changes in an appropriate way.
2. You have the right to stop using network services if you do not agree with the modification of MARKCUS International Medical management regulations. It will be deemed that you accept the modification of the relevant terms of the service contract by MARKCUS International Medical if you continue to use the network service.

Ⅻ Resolution of dispute
1. Any dispute between you and MARKCUS International Medical Video Consultation System shall be settled through friendly negotiation. If the dispute cannot be settled through negotiation, either party shall have the right to submit the dispute to the Shenyang Arbitration Commission for arbitration in accordance with its arbitration rules.
2. You shall negotiate by yourself with the third party (doctor, interpreter, translator) to solve the disputes with them when using the platform. And you should bear respective responsibilities and resolve the disputes. MARKCUS International Medical can assist you to negotiate and mediate the disputes with the third party if necessary.

ⅩⅢ  Delivery of the notifications
1. All your notifications can be sent by MARKCUS International Medical through web announcements, SMS （Short Messaging Service）or regular letter or email. Such notice shall be deemed to have been delivered to you on the date of dispatch.
2. Your notifications to MARKCUS International Medical shall be sent to officially announced correspondence address, fax number and email address of MARKCUS International Medical, etc. 

ⅩⅣ Other provisions
1. This service contract constitutes a complete contract between you and MARKCUS International Medical regarding agreed terms of services and other related matters. No other rights are granted to the parties of service term other than rights provided in the terms of service.
2. The remaining provisions of this contract shall remain valid and binding if any provision of this service contract is wholly or partly invalid or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever.
