Ⅰ General principles
1. The ownership and operation right of 3QC International Medical Video Consultation System (hereinafter referred to as 3QC International Medical) belong to Shenyang 3QC Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
2. Users should read this agreement carefully before registering and agree to abide by this agreement before becoming registered users. Once the registration is successful, the agreement relationship between the user and 3QC International Medical will be formed automatically and the user shall be bound by this agreement. Users who use a particular service or product should agree to accept the relevant agreement before they can use it.
3. This agreement can be updated at any time by 3QC International Medical. Users should pay attention to and agree in time. This website does not undertake the obligation of notification. Notices, announcements, statements or other similar contents of this website are part of this agreement.

Ⅱ User Account
1. Users who have completed the registration procedure and passed the identity authentication through the registration system of the website will become the official users and can obtain all the rights that the website stipulates users should enjoy. The user agrees that 3QC International Medical has the right to change the user's permission design.
2. Users need to provide true and accurate personal data when registering and update personal data timely. 3QC International Medical reserves the right to suspend the provision of network services if the information provided by the user during registration contains false information.
3. The account and password are only allowed to be used by the user himself, and the account and password are not allowed to be made public or provided to a third party. Users have a duty to ensure the security of the account and password. The user has the obligation to ensure the security of the account and password. The users shall take full responsibility of any loss or damage caused by all activities of using the account and password and this website does not undertake any responsibility. If the user finds that the account is used unauthorized or has any other security problems, he/she shall immediately modify the account number and password and keep it properly. Please inform the website if necessary. The website shall not take any responsibility for the illegal use of the account due to hacking or custodial negligence of users.

Ⅲ Service regulations
1. In view of the particularity of network service, users agree that 3QC International Medical has the right to change, interrupt or terminate some or all services (including fee-paying network services) at any time. 3QC International Medical does not need to inform the user, nor does it need to assume any responsibility to any third party if the service is changed, interrupted or terminated free of charge. 3QC International Medical shall notify users in advance before the change, interruption or termination and shall provide the affected users with an equivalent amount of alternative charging services if the service being changed, interrupted or terminated is a fee-paying service. 3QC International Medical shall refund the remaining service charge to the user after deducting the corresponding service charge according to the actual use of the corresponding paid network service by the user regarding the service charge already paid by users to 3QC International Medical if users are unwilling to accept alternative charging services.
2. Users shall understand that overhaul or maintain to the platform or related equipments which provide network services will be carried out regularly or irregularly. The website shall not be held liable for any interruption of paid network services within a reasonable period of time due to such circumstances. However, the website shall, as far as possible, try to make an announcement in advance.
3. Users shall agree that 3qc International shall have free, permanent, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully re-licensed rights and licenses worldwide for any content publicly released through 3QC International. For any content released publicly through 3QC International Medical, the users should agree that 3QC International Medical has right and permission around the world to use, reproduction, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works, transmit, perform and display such contents (whole or in part), or incorporate such contents into work, media or technology of any other forms currently known or later developed. The right and permission are free, permanent, irrevocable, non-exclusive and completely relicensing.
4. During the use of the service, users shall not disseminate information containing any of the following contents on the website in any form (including but not limited to E-mail): 
(1) Violating the basic principles established by the constitution;
(2) Endangering state security, disclosing state secrets, subverting state power and undermining national unity;
(3) Harming the honour and interests of the state;
(4) Inciting ethnic hatred or ethnic discrimination and undermining national unity;
(5) Undermining the state's religious policy and promoting cults and feudal superstition;   
(6) Spreading rumors, disturbing social order and undermining social stability;
(7) Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, terror or abetting a crime; 
(8) Insulting or defaming another person or infringing upon the lawful rights and interests of others;    
(9) Incite illegal assembly, association, demonstration, demonstration and gathering to disturb social order; 
(10) Acting in the name of an illegal non-governmental organization;
(11) Information does not conform to the Interim Provisions On Development And Management Of Public Information Services For Instant Messaging Tools. And information does not meet the requirement of "seven bottom lines", which are compliance with laws and regulations, the socialist system, the national interests, the citizens' legitimate interests, the public order, the social morality and fashion, and the information authenticity；
(12) Publish, transmit, disseminate and store content that infringes upon others' right of reputation, portrait, intellectual property, trade secrets and other legitimate rights；
(13) Involving the privacy, personal information or data of others；
(14) Publishing, transmitting or disseminating harassment, advertising information, over-marketing information and junk information or any sexual or sexual implication; 
(15) Information that interferes with the normal operation of 3QC International Medical and infringes upon the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third parties;
(16) Containing other contents restricted or prohibited by Chinese laws, regulations and any norms with legal effect.
5. For certain specific services，any content of statement, notice, warning etc. made by 3QC International Medical by various means (including but not limited to web announcement, system notifications, private letters, Short Message Service reminders, etc.) will be treatment as part of this agreement. Users who use such services shall be deemed to agree with the contents of such statements, notices and warnings.
6. Users shall undertake to comply with all national laws, regulations and the relevant provisions of this website as well as various social and public interests or public morality in using the service of this website. For the occurrence of any legal consequences, the user shall bear all the corresponding legal liabilities independently in his own name, and 3QC International Medical shall not bear any liability.
7. A user shall inform 3QC International Medical any information security vulnerability in the service system or other relevant systems in a timely manner if he/ she finds it when using the service. It is forbidden to conduct vulnerability scanning and penetration testing on service system of 3QC International Medical, which may cause platform loss. 
8. Users shall not engage in the following acts during the use of this product or service unless permitted by law or with the written approval of 3QC International Medical treatment: 
(1) Delete the copyright information on this product and its copy；
(2) Reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile of this product or try to find the source code of this product in other ways；
(3) Use, rent, lend, copy, modify, link, reprint, compile, publish and build mirror sites for the content owned by 3QC International Medical platform；
(4) Copy, modify, add, delete, terminology connection operate, or create any derivative works of data released into any terminal memory by this product or data released into any terminal memory during the operation of this product, interactive data between client and server side during product running process and  the system data necessary for the operation of this product. The forms include but are not limited to the use of plug-ins or third-party tools/services that are not authorized by 3QC to access the product and related systems；
(5) To add, subtract, or change the functions or operation effects of the product by modifying or falsifying the instructions and data in operation of the product. Or to operate or disseminate products and methods used for the above purposes to the public, whether for commercial purposes or not；
(6) Interfere with the product, its components, modules and data by user or by authorizing others, or third-party products；
(7) Other acts without the express authorization of 3QC International Medical.
9. The website has the right to request users to correct or directly take all necessary measures (including but not limited to the right to delete user’s posts, suspend or terminate users' access to web services) to mitigate the influence of user’s misconduct if users violate any of the above provisions when using network services.

Ⅳ Privacy Protection
1. The website does not disclose or provide to a third party the registration information of a single user and the non-public contents stored in the website when users use network services, except the following situations:
(1) Get explicit permission from the user in advance；
(2) The relevant laws and regulations require such information； 
(3) As requested by the relevant government authorities;
(4) Provide this information for safeguarding the interests of the public.
2. This website may cooperate with a third party to provide relevant network services to users. In this case, the website has the right to provide users' registration information and other information to the third party if the third party agrees to assume the same responsibility as this website to protect users' privacy.
3. On the premise of not disclosing individual users' privacy data, the website has the right to analyze the entire user database and make commercial use of the user database.

Ⅴ Copyright Announcement
1. Any text, picture, graphics, audio or video data of the network service provided by 3QC International Medical shall be protected by copyright, trademark or other property ownership laws. Without the consent of the holder of the relevant, the above information shall not be published, played, rewritten or redistributed for the purpose of playing or publishing directly or indirectly in any media or be used for any other commercial purpose.
3QC International Medical is not responsible for any form of compensation to users or any third party for any delay, inaccuracy, error and omission or any damage resulting therefore in the production or delivery of all or part of the above information.
2. The characters, pictures, shapes and its components related to “3QC International Medical” and “3QC” are all trademark of 3QC International Medical. The users shall not to use or display these trademarks without the prior written consent of 3QC International Medical. Upon discovery, 3QC International Medical will investigate the legal responsibility of the user. 
3. All rights of any software (including but not limited to any images, photographs, animations, videos, audio recordings, music, text and appended programs and accompanying help material in the software), which are used to provide a service or developed by a third party to run on a platform for the use of a user, belongs to the copyright owner of the software. Users may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software without the permission of the copyright owner. 

Ⅵ Declaration of responsibility
1. The users shall abide by the national laws, regulations and policies during the process of using the service and the users shall bear the consequences arising from their use of the service.  
2. Any information released through service and any points passed through the service don’t represent the position of 3QC International Medical. 3QC International Medical will not be responsible for the integrity, authenticity, accuracy and reliability of any information issued by the service. Users should make their own judgment to those illegal, unethical, incorrect or other inappropriate information, and misclassified or deceptive content of the publication, which the users might be exposed to. In any case, relevant behavior party shall bear all responsibilities to any damage or hurt caused by any information (including, but not limited to any error or omission that occurs) or information released, conveyed or disseminated elsewhere by other means through services or private letters. 
3. In view of the external links to web content is not actually controlled by 3QC International Medical, therefore, 3QC International Medical can’t guarantee the accuracy and completeness of external links that are set up to facilitate users. 
4. The users shall fully understand and agree that this service is related to internet and may be subject to force majeure (including but not limited to wars, typhoons, floods, fires, earthquakes, strikes and riots etc.) computer virus or hacking attacks. There will be some problems caused by the risks of service interruption or failure to meet users’ requirements cause of Internet etc.. 3QC International Medical will not be responsible for any problems caused by above risks.
5. The failure of the website system will affect the normal operation of the service and 3QC International Medical promise to deal with and repair in time.
But 3QC International Medical will not be responsible for the economic and mental losses of the users caused by the failure. In addition, 3QC International Medical reserves the right to suspend the service without prior notice for maintenance, upgrade or other purpose. 3QC International Medical shall not be liable for any loss caused thereby.  
6. The user himself shall bear the responsibility for any threats, defamation or other illegal acts from any other person during the using process. 3QC International Medical shall not guarantee the service of any kind.  And 3QC International Medical shall not be liable for any direct or indirect loss caused thereby.   
7. 3QC International Medical shall have the right to close the user’s account if the user violate the law or this agreement after registering the account. Any problems arising therefrom shall be born by the user himself. 
8. 3QC International Medical shall have the right to interrupt or terminate the service at any time without notifying the user in case of any of the following situations: 
(1) The personal data provided is untrue or infringe upon the intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties；
(2) The information violates the terms of this service;
(3) In accordance with the requirements of government department or judicial authority；
(4) Accounts have not been used for a long time (365 days or more ) after registration； 
(5) There is an act of rush registration of the enterprise’s name maliciously. 3QC International Medical receives a complaint from a third party and the third party issues the corresponding evidence；   
(6) Other special cases considered by 3QC International Medical to be consistent with the overall service needs. 
9. The users shall be aware of and agree that 3QC International Medical may cooperate with a third party to provide the product to user. And the update, maintenance and custom service and other follow-up work of the product will be provided by the third party to the users. The third party shall be liable for all disputes or user losses caused by the quality problems of the product or its own reason. 
10. The term of use of the products or services provided by 3QC International Medical shall be from the date when the user obtains the products or services to the date when the products or services are offline from the platform if the term of use has not been indicated or the term of use indicated therein is “permanent”, “indefinite” or “unlimited”.    
11. This website shall have the right to temporarily or permanently modify or terminate the service (or any part thereof) at any time. Regardless of its notice or not, this website does not bear any responsibility to the user and any third person. 

Ⅶ Supplementary Provisions
1. The conclusion, execution, interpretation of this agreement and the settlement of disputes shall be governed by the laws of People’s Republic of China.
2. If any provision of this agreement is wholly or partly invalid or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever, the remaining provisions of this agreement shall remain valid and binding.                        3. The right to interpret and amend this agreement is owned by Shenyang 3QC Communication Technology Co., Ltd. 
